com/example/Avantrz/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/TopGenreHelperClass.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.TopGenreHelperClass
com/example/Avantrz/SongsFragment.java
 com.example.Avantrz.SongsFragment
com/example/Avantrz/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/Avantrz/AboutUs.java
 com.example.Avantrz.AboutUs
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.SliderAdapter
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/TopGenreAdapter.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.TopGenreAdapter
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.TopGenreAdapter$GenresViewHolder
com/example/Avantrz/LibrarySongs.java
 com.example.Avantrz.LibrarySongs
 com.example.Avantrz.LibrarySongs$ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/Avantrz/ApplicationClass.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ApplicationClass
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/ArtistHelperClass.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.ArtistHelperClass
com/example/Avantrz/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.Avantrz.BuildConfig
com/example/Avantrz/MusicService.java
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicService
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicService$MyBinder
com/example/Avantrz/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/Avantrz/NotificationReciever.java
 com.example.Avantrz.NotificationReciever
com/example/Avantrz/MusicAdapter.java
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicAdapter
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicAdapter$1
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicAdapter$2
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicAdapter$2$1
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/ArtistAdapter.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.ArtistAdapter
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.ArtistAdapter$ArtistViewHolder
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/CategoriesAdapter.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.CategoriesAdapter
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.CategoriesAdapter$CategoriesViewHolder
com/example/Avantrz/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/Avantrz/UserHelperClass.java
 com.example.Avantrz.UserHelperClass
com/example/Avantrz/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/Avantrz/MusicFiles.java
 com.example.Avantrz.MusicFiles
com/example/Avantrz/ActionPlaying.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ActionPlaying
com/example/Avantrz/HomeAdapter/CategoriesHelperClass.java
 com.example.Avantrz.HomeAdapter.CategoriesHelperClass
com/example/Avantrz/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.Avantrz.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/Avantrz/PlayerActivity.java
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$1
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$10
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$11
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$12
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$12$1
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$13
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$14
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$15
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$15$1
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$2
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$3
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$4
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$5
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$6
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$6$1
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$7
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$8
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$9
 com.example.Avantrz.PlayerActivity$9$1
com/example/Avantrz/OnBoarding.java
 com.example.Avantrz.OnBoarding
 com.example.Avantrz.OnBoarding$1
 com.example.Avantrz.OnBoarding$2
com/example/Avantrz/Dashboard.java
 com.example.Avantrz.Dashboard
 com.example.Avantrz.Dashboard$1
 com.example.Avantrz.Dashboard$2
 com.example.Avantrz.Dashboard$3
com/example/Avantrz/UserProfile.java
 com.example.Avantrz.UserProfile
 com.example.Avantrz.UserProfile$1
 com.example.Avantrz.UserProfile$2
com/example/Avantrz/SignUp.java
 com.example.Avantrz.SignUp
 com.example.Avantrz.SignUp$1
 com.example.Avantrz.SignUp$2
com/example/Avantrz/MainActivity.java
 com.example.Avantrz.MainActivity
 com.example.Avantrz.MainActivity$1
com/example/Avantrz/Login.java
 com.example.Avantrz.Login
 com.example.Avantrz.Login$1
 com.example.Avantrz.Login$2
 com.example.Avantrz.Login$3
 com.example.Avantrz.Login$4
